AD_100 A100
alignMagStateDeclination100
float statesArray[0]
float statesArray[1]
float statesArray[2]
float statesArray[3]
float statesArray[4]
float statesArray[5]
float statesArray[6]
float statesArray[7]
float statesArray[8]
float statesArray[9]
float statesArray[10]
float statesArray[11]
float statesArray[12]
float statesArray[13]
float statesArray[14]
END
AD_101 A101
alignMagStateDeclination101
float statesArray[15]
float statesArray[16]
float statesArray[17]
float statesArray[18]
float statesArray[19]
float statesArray[20]
float statesArray[21]
float statesArray[22]
float statesArray[23]
float statesArray[24]
float statesArray[25]
float statesArray[26]
float statesArray[27]
float statesArray[0].out
float statesArray[1].out
END
AD_102 A102
alignMagStateDeclination102
float statesArray[2].out
float statesArray[3].out
float statesArray[4].out
float statesArray[5].out
float statesArray[6].out
float statesArray[7].out
float statesArray[8].out
float statesArray[9].out
float statesArray[10].out
float statesArray[11].out
float statesArray[12].out
float statesArray[13].out
float statesArray[14].out
float statesArray[15].out
float statesArray[16].out
END
AD_103 A103
alignMagStateDeclination103
float statesArray[17].out
float statesArray[18].out
float statesArray[19].out
float statesArray[20].out
float statesArray[21].out
float statesArray[22].out
float statesArray[23].out
float statesArray[24].out
float statesArray[25].out
float statesArray[26].out
float statesArray[27].out
bool magFieldLearned
bool magDecAng
bool inhibitMagStates
END
AD_104 A104
alignMagStateDeclination104
int stateIndexLim
int PV_AidingMode
float dtEkfAvg
bool faultStatus.bad_decl
END
